Markdown guide for the handbook (#6864)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/digital-experience/README.md

- Markdown guide (todo)
- Writing style guide (todo)

## Markdown

> Fleet's documentation, handbook, and articles are written in Markdown. Here's our handy guide to [Fleet-flavored Markdown](./markdown-guide.md).  

Author: ```suggestion
We use Markdown language to write the majority of our content. Areas that we use Markdown include:

- Fleet documentation
- Fleet handbook
- Articles published on the Fleet website
- GitHub issues
- GitHub comments
- Pull requests
- Markdown documents inside our GitHub repositories

> Read our [Markdown guide](./markdown-guide.md) for more information, or if you are new to Markdown. 
```

- Markdown guide (todo)
- Writing style guide (todo)

## Markdown

We use Markdown language to write the majority of our content. Areas that we use Markdown include:

- Fleet documentation
- Fleet handbook
- Articles published on the Fleet website
- GitHub issues
- GitHub comments
- Pull requests
- Markdown documents inside our GitHub repositories

> > Read our [Markdown guide](./markdown-guide.md) for more information, or if you are new to Markdown. 

Author: ```suggestion
Read our [Markdown guide](./markdown-guide.md) for more information, or if you are new to Markdown. 
```
